♪ You don't owe me ♪
♪ One more minute of your wasted time ♪
♪ You act like it's all fine ♪
♪ It isn't hard to leave ♪
♪ Knowing that I'll be getting life
On track ♪
♪ I wanted to believe ♪
♪ I've gotta make a destination ♪
♪ Find where I belong ♪
♪ This time I've got no hesitation ♪
♪ I'll be movin' on ♪
♪ To where I belong ♪
♪ Over the line I've drawn ♪
♪ I'm already gone ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
He tried to run in.
Couldn't get him to stop.
Yeah.
♪ You live to fight my friend
You must expire ♪
♪ Take your clothes
And throw them in the fire ♪
♪ We were born into a world of flames ♪
♪ Takes you back
And pushes you back again ♪
The investigation will take a few days.
but the preliminary assessment indicates
the fire started in the garage.
probably due to the usual suspects.
Faulty wiring. greasy rags.
items of that nature.
You should reach out
to your insurance company now.
There is nothing left to do tonight.
Come home with us.
No. Iris is here. You have a houseful.
It's too much of an imposition.
We have room. We will make room.
Annie could stay with us.
That is. if Uncle Erik
and Miss Helen don't mind.
That would be better
for Aunt Maddie. right?
Jessica's right. We have the room.
Please. Dana Sue. let us help.
Ugh… I mean. uh…
Blake?
Please. will you take
Annie and Jessica to my house?
-Sure.
-I appreciate that. Helen.
-Watch the speed limit. Blake.
-Yes. sir.
Let me pack up a few more things.
♪ Take me as I am ♪
See you there.
♪ The water's coming fast ♪
-Hey. Let's go.
-♪ Take me as I am ♪
Come on.
♪ The water's coming fast ♪
To soothe your nerves.
Annie's safe.
So are you.
Fresh linens on the bed.
fresh towels in the bathroom.
and there are extra pillows to be had.
depending on your elevation preference.
You've both had a night.
It's late.
Some rest might be good.
We. uh… we thought you'd be asleep by now.
Where's Annie?
I've set Annie up in the trundle
in my guest bedroom
with everything
that she needs for tonight.
Towels. a sleep shirt. and now ice cream.
Mm.
Would you guys like some?
Annie's gonna need a toothbrush.
especially after eating
all that ice cream.
I have extras.
I found some cones in the cupboard.
Uh. no. thanks.
Excuse me.
What are you doing down here?
You said you were gonna come to bed
after your shower.
I… haven't.
How do we get through this. Ronnie?
I wish I knew.
I'm sorry.
This is my fault.
The fire?
Ronnie.
I… I should have been taking care
of whatever caused it.
I've been focused on the wrong things.
And I'm…
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Me too.
Sorry. I'm not interested.
Not interested?
-I feared this day would come.
-You're here.
I am.
But I texted last night.
and we agreed to reschedule
because of what happened to Dana Sue.
Exactly. I was supposed
to arrive tomorrow afternoon.
Yeah. so…
You told me about the fire.
and I knew I had to be here for you
while you were taking care of your people.
You rescheduled and came early.
Politely early.
I could have been here at 3:00 a.m..
but I knew you needed your sleep.
And if I arrived at 3:00…
Well. no one would have gotten any sleep.
Okay. you about done?
Chief Holbrook said
he can only give us two hours here.
Why… why are you unpacking. not packing?
Stop.
You're not distinguishing between
what can be saved and what can't be.
You're just throwing things
into boxes all pell-mell.
We don't have time to be sentimental.
I'm not sentimental. I'm grieving.
By hanging on to things
that are singed and charred?
By holding on to what I value.
That old thing?
This old thing was my mother's.
and like Augusto saw.
I cook from my heart.
I got that from her.
-That's what you use for your Bolognese.
-My mother's Bolognese.
And her pot survived.
Fine. keep it.
but we have to pack up everything
and get out.
There could be more survivors.
Courtney needs you. Of course.
Nope. that was Jeremy checking on us.
We cannot pick through the ashes.
All we have are ashes. Ronnie.
and if we don't pick through them.
important and valuable things
are gonna get thrown away.
And we will regret it.
Blake. hi.
Nice to see you.
Annie here?
Come on in.
Down that way.
I hung everything out in the fresh air.
and I still smell smoke.
Blake.
I wasn't expecting you.
-Uh. do you need a hand?
-I've got it.
I've got it.
Let me. um. take this upstairs for you.
Um…
I didn't know what to text.
so I just came over.
You holding up?
Honestly. I don't know.
It's okay not to know.
That makes me feel better.
Thanks.
Attagirl.
Thank you all for being here.
including the new faces.
Great news for our upcoming art walk.
We'll need all hands to do it right.
Lots of work ahead of us.
But if we all work together.
no question. we can pull it off.
That's not what we're worried about.
We all know what happened
to the Sullivans last night.
and it doesn't feel right
not to talk about it.
Yeah. We'd like to help.
Losing your home is a tragedy.
And with Annie leaving for college soon.
I… I can't imagine.
I was planning on dropping off
some groceries from the co-op.
If folks have things
they'd like to donate.
then I can arrange delivery to Maddie's.
I'm sure they'd appreciate
a care package from loving neighbors.
And I was just at the spa
at The Dewberry in Charleston with Jimmy.
I'll donate all my goodies
so they can pamper themselves.
I doubt they'll need silk scarves.
but I have plenty of linens.
I can donate some quilts.
How about a meal train?
Great idea. Principal Puckett.
-Oh. it's Yvonne. Please.
-Yeah. I'd really love to cook for them.
-Me too.
-This is wonderful.
The original Art Guild
was more of a safe place for women
to gather and help each other quietly.
I feel this Art Guild is gonna be loud.
Thank you for getting us going. Noreen.
Thank you.
-Wonderful.
-Thank you.
Ugh. I am not
in the right frame of mind to shop.
Well. that is why we made an appointment
with Wally himself. Come on.
Yeah. and if you don't comply.
I have Paula on speed dial.
and I will not hesitate to activate her.
You would make me shop
with the woman who sent Maddie to school
in an orange muumuu and teal capris
in seventh grade?
I liked my teal capris.
Fine. Just the essentials.
Oh. let me be of service.
Oh. my lamb.
I am sorry for your misfortune.
-Thank you.
-Hm.
Oh. Wally.
Oh. the colors. the texture. this pattern.
Well. everything you picked out
is absolutely exquisite. Wally.
But I'll have to come back for all of it.
I can't.
Not right now. I just need some slacks.
A beautiful woman like you
does not need just some slacks.
Well… maybe a skirt.
People see me in my finery
and think rigid. restrictive. ritzy.
In actuality.
this is an expression of who I am.
and. darling.
I am God's most breathtaking child.
-Yes. you are.
-But even angels fall.
So this is also armor.
It lends me strength.
A radiance.
Spirit.
Because. my dear.
what is essential is not what you wear.
Hm?
But how you feel.
Take a moment.
I didn't realize it would be so hard
to say no to Wally.
Then don't.
Always say yes to Wally.
These shoes. this suit.
My je ne sais quoi. It's all his doing.
Hm. Find some color.
A little joy
to get you through the rough times.
It's what makes the darkness bearable.
Yeah. but I have so much to take care of.
Annie. Ronnie. the house.
This is what taking care of yourself
looks like.
Especially when the tab is covered.
Say yes to Wally.
Remember. players.
the point of the mirror exercise
is to look like
a reflection of your partner.
Connect with them.
Trust them.
I shouldn't be able to tell who's leading.
Hey.
Trust your girlfriend.
Sorry. I just…
That's not how mirrors work.
-It's not how this exercise works.
-Hey. Wait.
What's the problem here?
She's not taking this seriously.
Since we go to different high schools.
Timothy and I barely know each other.
We're still learning
to trust and respect each other.
I can help you. Lily.
I assumed you were getting
experimental coaching.
Okay. watch it. Timothy.
If Timothy and I work together
with patience and respect.
we can get where we need to be. Max.
Don't you agree. Timothy?
I do.
I really do. Lily.
Can we try it again. Max?
Going again. people. Focus. Come on.
Keep it going. Try something different.
Is it my imagination.
or do you smell the smoke from here?
Maybe a little.
Would you like me to close the window?
Yeah. I can't seem to get away from it.
It's still in my hair.
Did you and Ronnie
get everything out the way you wanted?
Do you ever find yourself
looking for help from an adult
when you're in hot water.
and then you realize.
"Oh no. it's… it's me. I'm the adult"?
I just miss my mom
something fierce.
What would your mom say
if she was sitting with us now?
That she loves me.
That she's here for me.
I love you.
And I am here for you.
♪ Young and overthinking ♪
♪ Coming up on past regret ♪
♪ Whenever I've been sinking
You're always there ♪
♪ You pull away as if you never care ♪
♪ Created distance as my last distrain ♪
♪ I can't move like you do. no. no ♪
♪ So leave me in your dust ♪
♪ And just go ♪
♪ Leave me in your dust ♪
Hey. Noreen.
You're not supposed to be here… yet.
That's the general consensus.
And since
he's disrupted everyone's schedule.
Michael will be babysitting Bex now.
Just kidding. We will babysit together.
Miss Rebecca? Ready?
Come here. sweetie.
There we go.
-Here you go.
-You got it? Okay.
At least somebody's glad to see me.
What's his name?
Michael came ahead of schedule.
I have been working so hard
to be organized and methodical.
and this is how he repays me.
by being impulsive and unpredictable.
Let's take this one step at a time.
How do I shake him loose without being
obvious that that's exactly what I'm doing
so I can prep for tomorrow's
surprise anniversary dinner?
I am fascinated that Michael's
turning out to be the flexible one.
Can I get a rain check
on the loving sarcasm so that we can focus
on the actual problem?
It'll all be fine. I'll help you.
Finished. Chef.
Will this do. Chef?
I said I needed comfort
but not that much comfort.
I almost made pizzas to summon
the joyous spirit of Augusto among us.
but quesadillas go better with margaritas.
We should sneak in here every week
for Margarita Night.
The tequila at Sullivan's and Friends
is much better than anything we purchase.
You better splurge
for margaritas at your wedding.
Otherwise. Dana Sue and I
will be forced to ask Miss Iris
to sew flask-sized pockets
into our bridesmaid dresses.
-Y'all better not.
-Right.
The first time my mom made me quesadillas
with the crispy cheese edges.
I nearly lost my mind.
Mmm. If I recall correctly.
we all lost our minds.
I'm losing my mind right now.
How are you not burning your fingers?
Chef fingers. I'm used to the heat.
But you're gonna wanna let those cool
for a moment.
-Shall we?
-Yes.
-Pour it out.
-Mm.
-Mmm.
This is exactly what I needed.
Comfort food in my happy place
with the two people in the world
who can make me feel at home anywhere.
Ah.
Even when surrounded
by insufferable raccoons.
-Think they'll be joining us tonight?
-Better them than Clark.
You know.
I'd be committing perjury if I didn't say
I wasn't frustrated by the way
things panned out with the Bellwether.
Especially since
I finally figured out my portion.
Well. you've kept us waiting long enough.
Yeah. we're all ears.
Noreen renewed
my friendship with Miss Eustice.
which led to the revival of the Art Guild.
Being with all these creative souls
and thinking of all the joy
that it brought to Serenity
when my mom and Miss Eustice were young.
it's been inspiring.
So.
I wanna dedicate my portion
to an art gallery and artists' workshop.
-Oh.
-I know.
Up those creaky stairs.
Behold. a… a breeze wafts
through organza curtains
and across polished hardwood floors.
Deep amber shafts of sunlight.
Divine.
Well. you just painted a picture.
-It's a beautiful idea.
-I wager my mom will be your first client.
I am so excited.
I even told Erik about it the other day.
A little distraction
from all the wedding planning woes.
Woes? Is there something
we could be helping you with?
More discussion
than decisions at the moment. but
we'll figure it out.
Ronnie doesn't even know yet.
I was about to tell him. then…
And how can I tell him now?
I do not have the energy
for the discussion
that is surely to follow.
I don't even have the energy
to judge the chili cook-off.
It's my favorite part of Fourth of July.
You're not judging?
Then this is the year that I enter.
Stick with snow cones.
We will find a new place.
Who knows? Maybe it'll find us.
I would very much like
good news to find me.
As much as we would like life
to be a smooth path.
it's like peaks and… and valleys.
and even rabbit holes appear suddenly.
The ground can even shift
and open at your feet.
And it's up to us to hold on.
Hold on to each other and persevere.
Look at the peaks you've already scaled
and the valleys you've crossed.
Hm.
More raccoons?
Where'd I go wrong?
Am I not allowed to have
all the things I want at the same time?
Do I have to lose something
to gain something else?
And… and now I'm holding you two back
from pursuing your dreams.
What on earth are you talking about?
I'm gonna stumble…
and pull you down the mountain.
-You should move forward without me.
-Don't you dare. Dana Sue!
We are not gonna let you lose sight
of your goal. Fire and Clark be damned!
We have seen each other
through so many valleys.
Helen and I will see you through this one.
Dana Sue.
When you get tired.
you draw on our strength.
And that peak. that view at the top.
it is going to be sublime.
Because we…
we will have scaled it together.
The rec department swim program
was canceled after the water main break.
but the proceeds
from the tickets and baseball cards
we sold at the alumni game
were able to help reinstate it.
Just one example
of how this new team and the tourism
that will inevitably follow
could generate revenue.
All without the overhead of an MLB team.
So perfect for a town like ours.
That's an attractive idea worth exploring.
But not without risks.
Unfortunately.
this isn't solely my decision to make.
I love baseball.
I'll put you on the agenda.
But be forewarned.
town council is a tough bunch.
especially when it comes to the budget.
While there will be money rolling in.
it'll be a minute before we get our return
on anything we lay out. including tourism.
-Does Serenity have a tourism board?
-You might be starting one.
That would be a good way
to show the council
that there are enough sponsors in town
who are willing to put their weight
and resources behind this.
Okay. sure.
They'll also want to know about lodging.
food and beverage.
entertainment. and transpo.
Answer those questions thoroughly.
and you might very well
have yourself a baseball team.
Thank you for going to bat for me. Mayor.
You won't regret it.
I look forward to your proposal.
Uh. you forgot your baseball cards.
Oh. those are for the two of you.
By the way. Neville's is the most popular.
We get our coffee beans
from a local roaster
I met at the farmer's market.
And it was my idea to use a rotating staff
to run the bar. which Annie is a part of.
I'm sad I'll miss all the work
Isaac will be doing while I'm at school.
I could come regularly
just to get you an update.
I might take you up on that.
or at least someone might.
-Hey.
-Noah.
Hi. how can I help you?
Your bandanna.
I'm… I'm not sure it survived the fire.
Oh. not to worry.
I mean. there's more where that came from.
No. I'm… I'm so sorry.
That sounded smarmy. I did not intend--
Don't worry. I got it.
Papa and Grandma told me what happened.
Is there anything I can do for you?
Is your family okay?
Um…
I'm okay.
All things considered.
Work's been a great distraction.
And I shouldn't distract you from work.
I just wanted to check in.
You came all this way.
and you're not gonna try
one of Isaac's amazing coffees?
Anything you recommend?
I hear the Annie is super…
super.
Okay. The Annie sounds perfect.
I'll have that.
What is this?
The Michael.
Cold brew concentrate. tonic.
and house-made cherry juice.
Intense. refreshing.
How did you come up with the recipe?
I… I've never had anything like this.
It was sudden inspiration.
After 14 previous attempts.
-I love--
-Of course. these are seasonal flavors.
So we can keep experimenting.
No need. I… I love--
Would you love a pecan tart?
Let me get you a pecan tart.
What you working on?
I know that we don't have
a physical space yet. but
I am moving forward in faith
and crafting
a mission statement for my bookshop.
So manifesting.
Judging by that grin.
I take it the meeting
with Peggy and Henrietta went well?
I'm on the town council agenda.
-Well. that's great news.
-Yeah.
Okay. So why am I sensing
an incoming "but"?
But I basically have to put together
a tourism board.
How do I do that?
I'm a ball player. not a bureaucrat.
Well. I'm not a bureaucrat either.
but I always feel like it helps
to tell people a story.
Okay. Work with me here.
Tell me a story about…
your love for baseball
and this town.
I love
that baseball brings people together.
At practice and the game.
In the stands and on the field.
Being here helped me understand that.
And… and. like Serenity.
baseball works best
when people respect each other's strengths
and celebrate the wins
and learn from the losses.
And I think
that the town I love…
will love the sport I love.
Did I make you sad?
The exact opposite.
You are a gift.
Hi.
-Hey.
I thought you had errands
to run for Aunt Helen.
I'm almost done.
so I thought I'd stop by for a coffee.
You're an iced coffee. black. right?
Yeah. actually. Thanks.
Is there anything
I could be doing for you?
Errands or at home?
Whispering to my uncle
that you need time off?
Thanks. but he already asked.
and it feels really good
to be here focusing on other people.
Plus. it's nice to see friends at work.
Thanks.
Jessica.
Did you need something?
I'm fine.
But…
…I'm concerned that things need to be
smoothed over between you and Miss Helen.
That is inappropriate and unlike you.
Please talk to her.
Otherwise. you could end up losing
what Mom and Dad lost.
Please. Uncle Erik. before it's too late.
What goes on between adults
is not for you to speak on.
You're impossible.
Just like Dad and Grandfather.
and poor Helen has no idea.
To think that I came here
because I imagined you'd be different.
But I was wrong
about my parents and their marriage.
So why would I be right about you?
Young lady--
If your house went up in flames.
all you'd grab is the Whitley way.
Thank you for sharing
so much of your technique with me.
It's really instructive.
Kyle's not the only one
with memorable moves.
It's important
to learn multiple techniques
then decide which one works best for you.
I appreciate you both.
And I appreciate you.
Kyle.
I like acting
because I like entertaining people.
making them think.
But I suspect Timothy's in this
for a whole different reason.
I still need to figure that out.
To help him be a better actor?
To help me be
a better presence in his life.
Have you figured me out?
You are deep
and profound.
and I just wanna
keep learning more about you every day.
To help me be a better actor?
To help me love you the way you deserve.
Good answer.
We need to talk.
Things have changed between us.
But the ground beneath your feet
has shifted. and you need to leave.
Go.
I'm shocked you would even think that.
I've been trying so hard to hold on.
Yeah. and I have been trying
to give you something to hold on to.
but you seem determined
to cling to something else.
I was clinging to the symbols
of my parents' marriage.
-Despite the toll on ours?
-I was trying to protect us.
By surrendering.
I realize I was trying to please others
when I should have been pleasing you.
Because that is what
I'm dedicating my life to.
Because this is what ignites my soul.
Because if this house were on fire.
the only thing that I would grab is you.
Well. then grab me.
This was a brilliant idea. Noreen.
Thank you for suggesting
we move the dinner here.
I know I can be a little theatrical.
but this moment deserves it.
I don't know what I would've done
without your help.
Planning and replanning the…
Champagne. Did I not grab the Sangiovese?
The champagne is a gift from Jeremy.
and I also have a gift for you.
Live music for tonight.
So you won't need that hideous boom box
I saw Kyle lug in.
-Yeah.
-Great. thank you.
Noreen.
Hush. it's the least I could do.
Jeremy and I had so much fun
at our faux date because of you.
This is Michael.
Have a wonderful evening. I love you.
Love you.
Commence Operation Anniversary Dinner.
-Buona sera. signore.
Grazie. che bello.
Che bello.
Grazie.
I guess I'm not the only one
with surprises.
What is all this for?
Everyone will attest that I have been
planning this moment since you left.
I have been through so many iterations.
Ah. hence "The Michael."
But nothing felt quite right
until I realized that I needed to do
what I was scared to do.
Share how I feel. So I went for it.
And before you say anything.
let me say.
I love you.
-I'm sorry. what was that?
-I love you.
Any chance
I could get you to say it again?
Over and over and over.
I love you too.
For our antipasta. bruschetta.
You know. I'm not much for hubbub.
but after this red carpet rollout.
I think I should visit more often.
You could stay longer.
Or I could stay longer.
May I have this dance?
You may have them all.
♪ The very thought of you ♪
♪ And I forget to do ♪
♪ The little ordinary things ♪
♪ That everyone ought to do ♪
-I…
-How…
Please.
How what?
How did we get so far off course?
This was supposed to be a…
A fairy tale.
But instead of the prince.
I've been the ogre.
But I don't believe in fairy tales.
I believe in telling the truth.
And yet…
yet I feel like there's some truths
that you're still not telling me.
Hey. No. don't.
Don't turn away from me.
My parents didn't like Vera.
What?
When I lost her.
I felt I mourned alone.
Oh. Erik.
They found her… willful.
driven.
and too independent.
Oh dear.
What she was was passionate. committed.
and unafraid to speak her mind.
I do not love you
because you are like her.
I love you because you are a unique.
complex. fascinating woman
with your own beautiful mix
of gifts and graces.
My parents like you very much.
and they will grow to love you.
I'm certain.
I just let past fear and pain
focus me on removing
every potential bump in that road.
And I lost sight of where that road leads.
Our wedding.
Our marriage. Our future.
I'm so sorry to have done that to us.
To you.
You could've trusted me with this
a long time ago.
I didn't understand what I was doing
until our visitor arrived.
Jessica?
I see her struggling against
the Whitley way. just as I did.
Even before I met Vera.
In wishing freedom for Jess.
I can see I was binding myself
all over again.
I'll be unpacking this for a while.
No. please. please.
May we unpack it together?
I wanna understand all of it.
I want our journey to be
as joyful as it can be.
I believe what you believe.
What we believe.
This.
Us. and I'll make you a vow.
Right here and now.
I swear to talk more freely
and openly about everything.
From our wedding to
the brand of toothpaste we buy.
Oh. we're gonna get into
the truly deep stuff.
Mm-hmm.
I'm grateful to my parents for so much.
I'm also grateful for Serenity.
But most of all…
I'm grateful to you.
I wanna braid
everything precious I've learned
into a rope we can grab onto
whenever we fear we're losing our way.
One that will bind us
so your beating heart
is always next to mine.
Please forgive me. as I strive to be
the man you fell in love with.
No.
We… will strive together.
What?
It's Jeremy. Courtney no-showed.
She's supposed to help run the Bike Barn
booth for the Fourth of July fair.
which means--
You need to go help him.
like a good partner.
Of course.
Leif.
Do you have an update on our house?
Oh. no. ma'am.
Didn't mean to alarm you.
This is more of a department-wide issue.
How so?
On behalf
of the Serenity Volunteer Fire Department.
I present to you our humble submission
to the Fourth of July chili cook-off.
So sweet.
Got to go.
If it makes a difference.
my sister chopped all the onions.
Yes. Chef. I chopped all the onions.
How wonderful.
but you two must not have heard.
I had to withdraw
from judging the chili cook-off.
Yes. ma'am. We heard.
but… whenever Serenity's in a spot.
you always make chili for us firefighters.
and it's the best ever.
So your opinion
is the only one we care about.
Besides. the win doesn't mean anything
if someone else awards it.
You judge the cook-off every year.
I will taste. but not judge. your chili.
-All right!
-Whoo!
Wait.
Oh. Deputy.
If Dana Sue's judging your chili.
she has to judge ours too.
Not before she tries mine.
I'm sure Helen and Erik
are going through something.
but she won't open up about it.
Dana Sue is obviously devastated
by what can only be described
as a catastrophe. and…
I'm happy.
-You say that like it's a bad thing.
-It is.
How can I be happy when my friends aren't?
You're the light
at the end of their tunnel.
If you were all unhappy.
everyone would be lost.
I don't wanna seem selfish
by saying we'll get through this
when they're both struggling.
Have I promised
to conquer a peak we can't all scale?
You can take a break from climbing
if now's not a good time.
Are you looking for permission to pause?
Do I even wanna know?
And always add a little something
to make the recipe really special.
What is that little something?
That's for you to figure out.
Okay.
Oh.
What a soul. He's a carbon copy
of Willow. just older and taller.
I thought people had to run away
to the circus.
What should we expect next.
a petting zoo erupting in our backyard?
Yeah.
I got some pop-ups
and folding chairs in the garage.
Who's ready to walk off
two bowls of chili?
-Ooh.
-I haven't even had one yet.
You didn't hear it from me.
but you can skip the Bridge Club.
Oh.
Wow. this is quite the party.
Mm. Clark.
So nice of you to drop by.
I didn't know you made chili.
I don't.
but when I saw the great chili exodus
from town square.
yeah. I had to tag along.
It might be the first time in history
the cook-off has relocated.
I understand the drive
to go to the ends of the Earth.
or six blocks. to have Dana Sue judge…
No. taste.
…what they have to offer.
People thrive on traditions they cherish.
Otherwise.
you're just repeating empty rituals
that have lost their meaning.
You save what you love.
Bellsons are raised
to shepherd the community.
and my failure at that gnaws at me
like one of those damn raccoons
chewing on the eaves.
I let Pop's legacy become empty.
We never meant
to make you feel that way. Clark.
I appreciate that. Maddie. I do.
But I own my shortcomings.
You three are the true bellwethers now.
I see your flock.
You Magnolias do
a fine job tending to them.
So I find that I am in search
of a second chance.
and rather than kicking myself
and envying you. I'd like to help out.
Do something my family can be proud of.
Clark. what are you saying?
I will accept your offer
on the Bellwether. with one modification.
-How much higher is the new price?
-No change.
But I retain 20%.
and I partner with the three of you
on a consulting basis.
I'll go sample some chili
while you take some time to think.
Uh. skip the Bridge Club.
Hmm.
♪ There's no place we can't go ♪
That Clark Bellson
sure does love to drop things.
This one
doesn't involve losing to Castlewood.
so I can forgive him.
What is the matter with you two?
Clark Bellson just agreed
to sell us the Bellwether. At our price!
We should be dancing
and hollering for joy.
There's no "just kidding"
at the end of that. is there?
Helen?
There is not.
♪ Here we go ♪
Here's that peak
we were talking about. Dana Sue.
-♪ Here we go ♪
-You ready to enjoy the view?
♪ Follow a new road
It's a new adventure ♪
Hell. yeah. Let's do it.
♪ Here we go ♪
♪ Jump into the unknown ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm